# Take Home Task
The solution for the take home assignment is in the "scormcloud-api-v2-client-python/scorm" python file. I chose to do this in python for the programming language and MySQL for the datatable which I hosted locally. On the scormcloud website that I was guided to, there was a library for python which I found useful when starting the project. Included in the folder is a screenshot of the terminal output from the program when it is run. The main questions that I struggled with was what I should include in the table and what datatypes I should use for those values.

## Table Information
In the end I included a large number of columns in my data table. I felt that these columns were what was important to know about the course interactions with the learner. If there were other tables that included information about each of the learners (their names/email), then you could trim down this table significantly and just have a column with their learner_id to find that information else-where when needed. This same concept can be applied to many of the columns, but since I was acting under the assumption that this was the only table that contained this information, I concluded that this was sufficient

## Table datatypes
There were many data types which were returned from the API that I was unsure how to properly store in the MySQL database table. I chose to just store them as strings in the table for sake of time and would like to research more about how to convert some of those datatypes into something that is more friendly/efficient to the datatypes that are allowed in MySQL.
